Because of my drag persona, I had a signature
outfit that I liked to wear. Leather pants
with a fringe, a long fringe, really soft
ones. A cowboy shirt made of leather and
probably a black tank top right underneath,
zipped-up and hidden. And perhaps, usually,
a cowboy hat. And they weren’t tight leather
pants, like... There were only two pairs ever
made. They were Wayne Clark’s, who was a Canadian
Designer, quite famous Canadian Designer. And he’d
made two pairs, and my dad happened to get
one of them at an auction. And at some point,
he gifted them to me, and they were just the
most comfortable things. But I would have dragged
up to. So, with sideburns. I wanted to still
have that, like, “here I am as your bartender,
but I’m special tonight. And I’m here
to entertain you a little bit.” Greeting
people with enthusiasm. You know, just getting
into the spirit. Everybody was in such a good
mood and having such a wonderful time, and,
yeah, I wanted to, kind of like, amp it up.